# Welcome to Project "BraLady"

Initial GitHub project to start and keep track of all versions of html, javascript, and images related to the creation and ongoing evolution of BraLady.com related web assets. Looking to share and help (and meet some experienced developers and GitHubbers along the way). PS This guy has been some inspiration for me over the last coule of months ... he's not only entertaining but 'apparently' {I'm not a qualified judge (yet)} really savvy at this kind of web design and development stuff ... just got hired by Google as well, this is 'Travis Neilson' on YouTube and I've listened/watched MANY of his DevTips videos -> https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyIe-61Y8C4_o-zZCtO4ETQ

AUTHOR'S NOTE - This README.md area/window looks like an html editor interface - like Atom, for example (although appearing much more basic in terms of functionality. In the Hellow World section Github Guides seen at this link -> https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/#what .. there's reference to Github bast practices where the project initiator typically inputs some intelligence on any particular project that gets started INSIDE THE README file - i.e. this file.

SO, IF YOU'VE FOUND THIS ... this is a web design and development project leveraging ZURB Foundation 6.0 and ZURB eMail to create version 1.0 of a working responsive email template and a supporting web site to assist in the the sales, marketing, promotion, and customer service and support of a custom bra fitting and custom fit bra business started some 20+ years ago by a {now} 75-year-old woman named Barbara Chapman - affectionately known as "The Bra Lady" up here througout Western Canada (... and mother of yours truly). We're heading on a coding journey of "design and development" in pursuit of some small service-business expansion success. You're welcome to come along, see what it's like for a newbie to get started, ask whatever questions that pop into your mind, and share whatever you feel like sharing. Feel free to reach out to me via email superchap@gmail.com if that's what you'd like to do ... there's lots of room on this bus!
